We are truly in the AI era and tools are
popping up everywhere from your IDE to
your browser making work faster and
smarter. And if you're not leveraging
these things, you're definitely falling
behind. That's why I'm excited to
introduce today's video sponsor, Neo by
Norton, the first AI native browser
that's built around privacy, automation,
and inflow assistance. And it's designed
to help you stay ahead. I usually don't
cover AI browsers because most of them
are cluttered with ads, distractions, or
behind pay walls. Not to name drop
anyone, but that's Open AI's atlas. But
Neo flips that on its head. Everything
stays local, secure, and fully under
your control. Your chats, your browsing
history, and even AI suggestions.
Nothing leaves your device. And yes, it
works with whatever operating system you
may have, whether that's Windows or Mac.
Why does this matter? Well, Neo doesn't
just add AI on top of the web. It
proactively helps you before you even
ask, saving you lots of time. Whether
that's summarizing a page, helping you
write, or organizing your tabs. And with
Norton's powered security, fishing
sites, and malicious links are blocked
before you even click, which is a game
changer. Features like magic box, the
side AI panel, he can summarize typing
assistance and smart tab grouping lets
you work smarter, stay focused, and take
full control over what Neo remembers or
forgets. In short, Neo is that privacy
first powerful and completely free AI
browser that actually works for you, not
against you. And this is something I'm
going to be showcasing throughout
today's video. You can easily get
started with the link in the description
below where you can go ahead and click
download Neo completely for free. After
installing, you can then go ahead and
set up your Neo profile where you can
provide your name and then you can
proceed on importing your data from any
of the previous browsers. We're not
going to be doing that, but you can
select the theme. I'm going to be
choosing the dark theme. Then it will
prompt up the Neo browser. And this
looks absolutely amazing, guys. The main
section is where you can easily start
your web searching where you can type up
a URL, reference a tab using the at
command or you can just simply ask Neo
about anything. You have the ability to
upload files. You can also use snippets.
These are essentially different preset
templates that will help you understand,
write text, as well as even message and
code. There's a lot of different presets
like getting news on a certain topic,
helping you write code better. You can
do almost anything within this main chat
panel. Your privacy matters and this is
where everything stays on your device.
But what I would recommend first right
away is configuring the main settings.
You have the ability to tweak certain
things like enabling the sidebar
autohide or you can have it so that
there's vertical tabs. These are
different presets that you can tweak.
Within the AI mode, you want to make
sure that everything is enabled so that
local AI is enabled and that you can
enjoy the full power of Neo. There's
shortcuts as you can manage
personalization. You can change the
theme here. Again, you can also have it
force dark mode. And then you can also
enable all of the security features
where Neo has ad block enabled, which is
perfect cuz this way it's not filled
with a browser that has multiple ads
showing you on many different pages. If
you want the best AI tools, workflows,
and drops before everyone else, join my
free newsletter with the link in the
description below, which is completely
free. You also have the ability to
manage your chat history, your browsing
history, as well as your image gallery,
which we'll talk about a little while
later. But the main thing that I want to
talk about is the Gent capabilities of
Neo. Just take a look how sleek and
ergonomic this overall user interface
is. It is super easy to work with. And
what you can do is within this chat
panel, you can use the Jensa
capabilities whenever you're surfing the
web to ask questions, summarize, and
basically use these presets as well.
even your voice to chat with your
surfing content. For example, we are
surfing the web and we stumble across a
lengthy news article talking about
Enthropic and the Pentagon back at the
negotiation table. And say if you do not
have much time to read through this long
article, what you can do is you can
prompt open the Jensen capability of Neo
the AI side panel and you can ask
questions or something like having it
use one of the snippets like summarize
this and you can simply just send in
this template and what it's going to do
is summarize this news article that we
see on the left-hand panel and it will
provide an in-depth summary of this
directly within this chat panel. You can
ask it follow-up questions on like what
is the ethical safeguards that uh
Enthropic is insisting on the use of the
claude AI models and it will provide
questions and answers directly to your
chat panel. And a subtle but a
remarkable feature that's built within
Neo is its ad block. Because say if
you're browsing the web like this CNN
article and if you are to actually open
this article up on Chrome, you'll
clearly see that there's multiple ads on
this landing page. But if you compare it
to Neo, you'll obviously see that all of
these ads are blocked and that is going
to make your surfing a lot easier with
this browser. And a really cool feature
about Neo is its smart grouping feature
of tabs. You can actually create
multiple groups of tabs so that it's
easier to manage your surfing.
Now, something cool that you can
actually do is say if you're watching a
video like a Joe Rogan podcast, what you
can actually do is if you do not want to
watch this lengthy podcast and just want
to get a small little summary of what
it's talking about, what you can do is
you can simply just ask Neo, can you
please summarize the main topics of this
podcast? And then you can essentially
have Neo describe each and every aspect
of what this podcast is talking about so
that you don't need to actually watch
through the whole thing. You can get a
small little summary before diving
deeper into it in which you can see it
talks about exploring consciousness and
psychedelics. And you can see that gives
you a rough summary of it as well as all
the different topics of whatever is
talked about throughout this long
podcast. The point of an Aentic browser
is so that it could ease your life with
a lot of new efficiencies like the
ability to just simply have the AI write
up a description for your work
experience so that you don't need to
reason and think for minutes rather just
have the AI think for you based off the
description and context that you give it
so that it saves you hours of time.
Now a lot of us developers love cloud
code and since a lot of us love looking
pretty in-depth into each and every
update of cloud code or whatever changes
have been made you can simply have it so
that if you are to provide Neo the
specific URL of this GitHub PR what you
can do is if you open up a new tab for
example you can essentially then have it
so that you paste in this GitHub repo
with this pull request and if you are to
actually go over to one of the snippets
and if you are to select generate
release notes from the GitHub PR what
you'll see is that this is where it is
going to now work upon generating a
summary a release note of this
particular feature that has been added
to GitHub and you can see that it gives
you a good condensed understanding of
each and every component that is there
from this GitHub PR but when you're
browsing with Neo you can simply just
search up something like tell me more
about the new Gemini 3.1 Pro. And you
can either use the Neo AI or you can
just simply search with a search engine
like Google for example. But if I'm to
use the AI chat, this is where it will
directly give me information on what I'm
requesting, which is the Gemini 3.1 Pro,
an in-depth analysis on it as well,
thanks to the Gent capabilities of Neo.
So, you can see right away it tells me
what the Gemini 3.1 Pro is by also
providing me an image, also the sources
of where it found the information, which
is great. And you can see that it was
able to focus on all of the information
that I need about what the Gemini 3.1
Pro is, like the availability as well as
the pricing and all the sources that it
used. Now, say if I'm just browsing
using the search engine like Google, for
example, and I see my channel over here.
What I really like about Neo is that
each and every component has AI infused
in it. Say if I'm hovering over this
text right now, you see that there is a
Neo button that pops up. This is where
you have two options. The peak mode,
this is where it gives you a preview of
what my channel is or what that link is.
And that way you don't need to actually
click on that link to showcase what that
channel is, which is actually
incredible. You can also go ahead and
open it up directly, but that is a
really cool and subtle feature that
makes browsing and using this AI browser
a lot better. You can also have it
summarize that article directly by
clicking on that which will prompt open
the chat panel and it gives you a subtle
summary of what the channel is. But not
just that, safe to highlight text of a
blog article for example and you don't
want to read it all. You can use that
button that we had just mentioned. You
can easily have it explain that section
or you can even have it summarize it. So
if you want to explain it, it will
prompt open the AI chat. It'll give you
a condensed, easily digestible summary
of what this news article is. And
honestly, this is a browser that's going
to save you so much time. For example,
if I have to just simply use something
like show me or find me discount codes
of something like the Herman Miller
chair, I can simply go ahead and send in
this request and Neo is going to be able
to make my life so much easier cuz
rather than me scouring the web on so
many different discount codes that may
not even work, the Neo AI agent is going
to be able to cut that time in half and
provide me all of the discount codes
that would actually work with the
expiration as well, which is going to
make my life so much easier in using
this browser. And the beauty of Neo also
is the fact that it has long-term memory
instilled within it. So, as you use it
more, it is going to be able to add more
context and be more personalized based
off of how you use it. You can also
request it to remember certain things
like my preferred writing style. And if
you are to infuse it directly, you can
see that Neo was able to understand the
prompt of figuring out my writing style
so that it is going to be able to be
better well suited for future
generations for my own preference. Neil
also does a great job in providing you a
personalized feed which is something
that is available on the bottom and this
is a good condensed list of information
that it provides you based off of the
personalization of how you use Neo and
what's remarkable is that you can even
process large documents and have it
process it directly within the browser
which is remarkable. So what you can do
is you can provide multiple spreadsheets
or even information that you want the
Neo agent focusing on like summarizing
it, explaining it or improve my writing
or fixing grammar mistakes. If I am to
send in this request, it's going to be
able to process it by understanding my
document that I had uploaded to the Neo
chat and it's going to be able to focus
on dramatically improving that writing
which you can see that it is doing right
away and quite fast. And that's not all
cuz this model within Neo can actually
process and that's not all cuz Neo can
actually create images as well. So if I
am to request it to create an image of a
sunset, it is going to be able to then
output a generation of a sunset using an
AI model. And there we go. We have a
beautiful sunset that it had generated.
And what's cool is that you can actually
view all of the images that you generate
through the image gallery as well as
your browsing history and chat history.
Also have inline AI generation. So
whenever I'm dealing with writing any
sort of text within my email or through
a notepad, you can click on the Neo
button and you can describe what to
write. So this case you can have AI
generate the next component and you can
have it fill out all of the fields for
example. So in this case I can add a
snippet like help me explain this or I
can describe what I want. So in this
case I want to write on what the world
of AI YouTube channel is and I can click
enter and the Neomposer is going to be
able to get a good condensed
understanding of what my channel is and
it is something that then you can either
accept and it will then provide that
text that the AI had generated within
this notepad.
So I can click accept and you can see
that it has pasted the context of it
directly over here. If you like this
video and would love to support the
channel, you can consider donating to my
channel through the super thanks option
below. Or you can consider joining our
private Discord where you can access
multiple subscriptions to different AI
tools for free on a monthly basis, plus
daily AI news and exclusive content,
plus a lot more. But that's basically
guys for today's video on Neo. Neo feels
like one of the first browsers that
actually is built for the AI era where
automation and assistance happens
directly inside your browser and it's
something that you can easily work with
right away today completely for free. So
I highly recommend that you check it out
with the links in the description below.
But with that thought guys, thank you
guys so much for watching. Make sure you
go ahead and take a look at our second
channel. Join the newsletter, join the
Discord, follow me on Twitter, as well
as subscribing to the YouTube channel.
But with that thought guys, thank you
guys so much for watching. Have an
amazing day. Spread positivity and I'll
see you guys fairly shortly.